coordinates of section endpoints: projects\shenandoah\notes.xls

sections.apr: 
north	0.5			layers:	sea level & 5000 m
	1				silic-top
	2				silic-mid
	3				carb-top
	4	JMU block		carb-upper	JUM block:
	5	5-2			carb-mid	carb-top2
	6	6-2			carb-lower	carb-mid2
	6.5	6.5-2			carb-bot	carb-bot2
south	7	7-2			S-P fault

example:

	section1	digitized section from adobe streamline, convert with centerline
			saved as dxf and converted to coverage
	
	sect1		drawn formlines using section1 as background
			add tics define coordinate system of section
	
	sect1xy		set tics to depth and distance scale from axes
			transform sect1 sect1xy 
			build sect1xy line
	
	sect1.shp	convert arcs to points (500-m spacing),  use xtools pro "convert features to points"



To use the cross-section PIE do the following.
1. Select File|Import <layer name>|Import from cross sections...

2. Select the shape files that have the cross sections in them.

3. In the dialog box, you can select additional shape files that 
contain cross sections or remove cross sections if they were selected incorrectly.  
For each shape file, you can select a name for the cross section if the default name 
is not satisfactory.  You must also select an attribute for each cross section that will 
be used to identify the different lines in the sections (Line A, Line B, etc.)  
By default, it will select the first character attribute if there is one.

4. Click the "Next" button.

5. Copy the locations of the cross sections from your spreadsheet and paste in the table.  
Then click the "Next" button.

6. Select a pair of adjacent cross sections and one of the section lines.  They will be 
displayed in the main window.  Click someplace on one of the selected section lines 
(shown with a wider line) and then click on the corresponding spot on the other cross section.
A line will be drawn connecting the two section lines.  If you make a mistake, click the button 
labelled X and then click on the line you want to erase.  To continue adding more connecting lines,
click on the button with the arrow and continue as before.

7. Repeat this for each of the lines in the pair of adjacent cross sections.

8. Select another pair of adjacent cross sections and continue until you are done.

9. Click the "Next" button.

10.  A map view of the area will be plotted. The colors represent elevation with red being
the highest and blue the lowest.  You can control the spacing of the points by changing "Delta".
Review elevation distribution for each surface. 

11. When you are satisfied, click the "Finish" button.  The data will be imported into Argus ONE
in new data layers.  The data layer will be hidden at first and you may also need to select 
"Special|Scale to Fit" to see all the data points.


update 2-18-05

1. The dip and dip direction that are imported are in degrees instead of in radians.

2. The dip direction is measured in a clockwise direction from due north instead of 
counterclockwise from due east.

3. There are two functions that you can use in the Expression Editor: SUTRA_Angle2 and SUTRA_Angle3.
They use a map heading, dip and dip direction to get the 2nd and 3rd angles used by SUTRA.  
the map heading is equivalent to the first Sutra Angle.  It is the direction of the maximum 
permeability direction in map view.  It is measured in degrees clockwise from North.
